Update masking key description (#288)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-opaque: draft-irtf-cfrg-opaque.md

Output:
- envelope, the client's `Envelope` structure.
- client_public_key, the client's AKE public key.

> - masking_key, a key used by the server with the sole purpose 

Author: ```suggestion
- masking_key, an encryption key used by the server with the sole purpose 
```

>   of defending against client enumeration attacks.

Author: I don't know if it's useful, but it probably doesn't hurt. Fix applied.

: The client's encoded public key, corresponding to the private key `client_private_key`.

masking_key

> : A key used by the server to preserve confidentiality of the envelope during login

Author: ```suggestion
: An encryption key used by the server to preserve confidentiality of the envelope during login
```
